feat: [KHCP_6176] Expose i18n Translation component for import without Vue plugin (#150)
Kong/public-ui-components: packages/core/i18n/README.md

### HTML safe formatting with `<i18n-t>`

> #### With registered i18nPlugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### When registered as Vue Plugin
```

<h1><b>Morning</b>, my name is <i>Val</i>. And I am <i>Money Asker</i>. I want <div class="red">$1,000.00</div></h1>
```

#### With direct use of i18nT component

> In some cases we do not have access to vue `app`  and cannot relay on registered i18nT plugin. Working on stadalone components in `public-ui-components` is of those cases. And for this your component will look like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases we do not have access to the Vue `app` and cannot relay on registered i18nT plugin. Working on standalone components in `public-ui-components` is of those cases. And for this your component will look like:
```

```html
<template>
  <i18n-t
    tag="h1"
    keypath="global.default">
      <a href="https://google.com">Google</a>
  </i18n-t>
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
  import { createI18n, Translation } from '@kong-ui-public/i18n'
  import english from './locales/en.json'

  const i18n = createI18n('en-us', english)

>   const i18nT = createI18nTComponent(i18n)

Reviewer: This `createI18nTComponent` function doesn't exist in the example (missing the import)

Author: fixed
